# Diary
<h1>2025 may 26</h1>
<h2>So now i'll tell about what i did learn in last 2 months. I did train my aimbot model. :I</h2>
<h2>Now I kinda know how does ai models work, what is differances between them and how to fool them. This "fooling" includes both illegal things and images. Im still trying to translate bet site completely and optimize code but it just doesnt happen so i think i'll just wont optimize code. Which is bad because in flappy bird and tetris game if you spam f5 and space it melts your cpu.</h2>
<h1>2025 August 02</h1>
<h2>I did take a break cuz I wanted rest on my last summer. I was just sitting and then i thought why i must use other guys pass managers? cant i make one? If i do what should i add? Sadly I did it c: out of nowhere! Made it in C++ and I did write a transfer script for python too! "Why python?" I dont want discover wheel from 0. Main code is it C++ cuz it requires too many calculations over time. Now I'll tell you about this little encoding algorithm i made.</h2>
<h2>I was working on this for quite a while, like 1-2 year. I wanted something that can be decoded with wrong key too. So if someone tries to read a encoded data without key it must come to a dead end. First versions was so basic. By "basic" I mean really. It was just shifting characters while multiplying them. So lets say your data is "example" and key value is 29. "e" will be shifted 29 to right and x will be shifted to right 2x29.. Which was worst thing i've ever done. Why? Longer data = worse data. After some time alphabet started to change chinese things. I tried test its limits and it did revert back to 0. Encoded data was like <chinese char> <chinese char> <0>. And it makes it impossible to decode. Cuz u cant go down 0 or to left. On next versions I added things like fake data. Then added a metadata value to find real data inside fake datas. But this was bad too. If someone would get this code they would easily say "Hmm this code saves a metadata inside code lets look it up!" and done data decoded. So I tried encoding it according to data. What I mean by according to data? So lets say your data is a smol (I know its a typo but cute typo c:) sentence. Your data "OMG Nobody will be able to read this text". Code will count letters, spaces, all characters you know, all alphabet, Every number inside. Dots special characters and modify key according to this. Instead of getting shifted they'll be shuffled according to key. If your key contains "e" inside it key value will be divided by 2 (examples) if your key longer than 6 chars 6 will be added to your key! Fake data will be added according to keys last half numbers or chars, Thats why i did it on c++. Numbers and calculations are huge. Really huge, sometimes even over 1B. But there is still one danger! you see I dont change data inside it. Instead I just shuffle it. Ppl can still count words and try to find sentences inside it. THATS WHY I ADDED MORE FAKE DATA YIPPIEE!!!!!!!!!!!!! no joke really. if your word is "example" there will be 10x more chars on encoded data. Which will increase possibilities (typo :c) Thats it. Now time to publish password manager. I hope students still can see it and learn smthing. c:</h2>
